Laura Griffin: You never know who's going to walk through your door or what they are going to want. We recently had a customer
Laura Griffin: come in that was an older woman and she had a sketch that she wanted us to blow up for her. So we did.
Sandy Scandrett: we can do just about anything here. Small business, printing, shipping, packaging, shredding
Hamo Gharibian: I do not say no to any project. If the customer comes through the door even if I do not know how to do it, I say yes to it.
Greg Murray: the interesting thing about UPS Store is that when the customer walks to the door there's
Greg Murray:  an extremely high probability that they're coming there to do something that is important to them.
Laura Griffin: she came back a few weeks later with any enormous painting to ship. And it was the painting
Laura Griffin: that she had repainted from the sketch we had blown up. So it was cool to see
Laura Griffin: the final finished product and we shipped it off for her
Sandy Scandrett: We, we do a really good job when it comes to packaging up items for customers. We treat it as if it was our own.
Matthew Wood: When they bring an idea on a sheet of paper and then we can sit down and design and make the
Matthew Wood: product for them and print it out and see the smile on their face brings satisfaction to me.
Joy Batchelor: I worked on the local restaurant for six months and their printer finally broke and
Joy Batchelor: they were printing their menus out. And they came to me just so they could use their own paper to print.
Joy Batchelor: And I quoted them on their exact paper and found out that I can actually get them their menus
Joy Batchelor: for a $1.75 cheaper than what they were doing right now on their own printer.
Joy Batchelor: And they were so excited that they can't wait to print with me forever now.
Greg Murray: First thing is customer service. The other stuff is a positive side effect coming out of that.
Matthew Wood: A print customer came into this store several years ago and asked us to serve
Matthew Wood: as a fulfilment center for them where we actually print and produce textbooks
Matthew Wood: and then ship them out individually to um, their customers all across the US and internationally.
Matthew Wood: That was satisfying for me because we are able to be the one stop solution for that particular customer.
Joy Batchelor: What makes it worthwhile at the end of the day is the customers. The customers treat us like we're family.
: